docs: add a section to the quickstart that shows how to uninstall abctl. (#42427)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/using-airbyte/getting-started/oss-quickstart.md

key under the spec.rules section of the Ingress definition. The host should match the FQDN name that you are trying to
host Airbyte at, for example: `airbyte.company.example`.

## Uninstalling

> If you would like to remove Airbyte from you system, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to remove Airbyte from your system, you can run:
```

```shell
abctl local uninstall
```

> This will stop all running containers that `abctl` create, but will not remove any data that you have created. If you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will stop all running containers that `abctl` creates, but will not remove any data you have created.
```

> want to clear the persistent data as well, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to clear the persistent data as well, run:
```

```shell
abctl local uninstall --persisted
```

> To clear out any additional information that `abctl` may have create, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a last step, to clear out any additional information that `abctl` may have created, you can run:
```
